well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we are going to talk about an
aoc tweet
i guess it started on instagram we're
going to talk about a social media post
we're going to do this because some of
my favorite things collided in it
community networks logistics and the
discussion
over what the most effective method of
social change
is this happened because there were some
critiques
about the post okay so let me
set the scene here it was a series of
photographs
that drew a comparison between the
panthers and their food distribution
network
and a project that aoc was involved in
that's what it was um
let me stop here if you do not know
a lot about the panthers if your image
of them is shaped by
the media and movies definitely look
into them
um your your view of them may not be
accurate
in some ways they are probably far
far more radical than
what you might imagine and then some of
the negative things that you may believe
about them
you'll find out they're not true if you
have a community network if you're a
part of one
the logistics involved with the black
panthers
food distribution projects that is
something to aspire to it is amazing
so definitely look into it there's a
whole bunch of reasons to do this
um okay so back to the post
some of the critiques were basically
that
it wasn't phrased right some of it was
it wasn't framed as radically as the
panthers deserve
but the one i want to talk about is that
it was just
performative it was worthless it was
just a social media post
performative this is a discussion that
happens a lot
this debate over what the most effective
way of creating social change is
the reality is nobody knows nobody
actually has an
answer to this if anybody did
we wouldn't have any problems in the
world if something consistently worked
to create social change we would just
constantly use that
it doesn't work that way there is no
right answer
beyond that i would suggest that
the strongest critics of performative
post
and performative activism need them the
most
if you're one of those people who
believes in directly engaging because it
gets the goods
i'm gonna lay out a scenario for you you
intended your friends
you go lock arms in front of some
factory
right blocked you've blocked the gate
you've got it stopped
what do uh the security services have to
do to defeat you
if this is all you've got wait
wait they don't have to do anything they
just have to wait
because eventually you're gonna get
tired you're gonna need food you're
gonna have to go home you have to go to
work
whatever and if there's no media there
they can do whatever they want
however take that same scenario
people locked arms in front of a factory
because it's doing whatever
wrong and now add
a few people showing up every hour with
their cell phones take a picture and put
it on social media
performative people
it spreads your message it draws
attention to your cause
it makes it socially acceptable it might
make it socially desirable
at which point you win because then
more people show up even if it is
initially just to get the clout from
being there or whatever
they show up some of them may lock arms
some of them may relieve others so they
can go home get something to eat take a
break
whatever those performative posts
are incredibly valuable
a very very smart person once said that
if you want to change society you have
to change the law
i disagree if you want to change society
you have to change the way people
think and when those social media posts
make something socially desirable
it achieves that and then once you
change the way people think either you
don't need a law
or the legislation will follow because
enough people think it
enough people will support it you get
that broad base
for a lot of people those performative
posts
that's all they can do literally
or sharing social media posts some
people do not have the ability for
whatever reason
to get out there in the trenches but
they can do this
everybody can contribute to social
change in their own way
i would suggest partially because the
critiques
that her social media post
may have inspired people
it showed what was possible with
networks like this
if you get the logistics to go with it
that may encourage people to do that and
those people
become those that directly engage
it's a cycle it is a cycle
i i don't see it as worthless
just exposing people to this idea and
she
exposed thousands to the idea of solving
the issues at the local level
i think that's incredibly valuable
because that is what creates
those people who directly engage
if we plan to win
if you want to create social change
we have to understand that a diversity
of tactics
is imperative because a lot of times the
performative stuff
becomes the icon becomes the thing
everybody remembers
picture of the 1960s and 70s the peace
love and all of the upheaval that went
with it
right all of that social change that was
occurring
define it come up with one thing
one image one word that can conjure up
all of those images a concert
does it right woodstock a concert brings
up
all of that imagery a concert that
really didn't have anything to do with
it
it was performative literally performers
but it captured that that era
it gave those people
who aren't politically active something
to associate the rest of the imagery
with
something to associate the beliefs and
the cause
those are your those those are your
selfie people today
they're more important than you might
think because they shape thought
and that's the goal that's the goal even
if you are one of those people who likes
to directly engage
i would assume that at some point you
would like to not have to
the way you do that is by changing
thought
and social media is an incredibly
incredibly valuable tool for that
because people get uh
the likes the hearts whatever
and it it provides a
way of reinforcing the idea that this is
good
yeah this can be turned to a negative
from the other side
i would suggest that it is such a
powerful tool
such a powerful weapon of social change
that we can't ignore
it we can't just let the other side have
it
those posts performative or not
are incredibly valuable because our goal
is to change society we have to change
the way people think
anyway it's just thought y'all have a
good day